The first thing I took note of upon starting a master’s degree in
library and information science (LIS) is that LIS professionals use and
must be knowledgeable of many academic fields – and an infinite number
of acronyms and abbreviations. Thankfully, the new LIS textbook,
*Information Services Today: An Introduction*, is well aware of that
fact, and of how confusing all the abbreviations can be for a new
student, or even a seasoned information professional. ASRS? ISIS? ILFA?
CCBY?[^1] Don’t worry, *Information Services Today* has got you covered
with four pages worth of explanations. It’s a necessary part of
understanding our profession, and just one small example of the myriad
of thoughtful details in a textbook compiled and edited by Sandra Hirsh,
an all-around intellectual trainer-teacher-learner.

Today’s textbooks must necessarily not be the same old hard-bound tomes
that were the standard. In this digital age, Hirsh, Director of San José
State University’s iSchool, a completely
100 % virtual educational environment, intimately understood that an
introductory textbook must encapsulate the history of LIS, provide an
overview of information relevant to the field, and then take it one step
further by making use of the multimedia and collaborative tools at our
disposal. As a benefit of working with instructors and students from
across the globe, all connecting via online classrooms, document-sharing
systems and collaboration applications, the one thing a textbook
compiled and edited by Hirsh *would not be* is stagnant. “Given how
quickly our field is changing,” Hirsh says, “it will be important to
continually update the material in this book and refresh the
perspectives.” So, working with publishers Rowman & Littlefield, the
author created a textbook that would meet the challenges and unique
situations today’s information professionals address on a daily basis.

### A Multipurpose Book for Many Audiences

The book has four different audiences who will benefit from the content
in different ways: instructors, students, current information
professionals, and non-LIS professional laypeople.

Instructors can use this book to help their students learn all about the
field. What it means to be a library and information professional today,
with particular emphasis on how information organizations will remain
valuable entities in their communities, how they will continue to thrive
but need to remain creative, innovative, and technologically advanced.
It’s a good lesson that applies to all of us.

The new student will learn the foundational core of the field,
understand where the profession is today, and explore career development
strategies useful when applying for and achieving the dream LIS job,
post-degree.

Current information professionals can use the book to refresh their
knowledge and learn about topics that might not have been covered when
they were in school. The entire *Part V – Information Organizations:
Management Skills for the Information Professional*, covers management
of employees, collections, budgets – everything you need to be aware of
when in a management role. The old expectation was that employers would
be responsible for ongoing skills and learning. Today, each individual
is responsible for taking charge of ongoing learning, to keep up with
the ever-changing knowledge base. That’s where the book comes in
especially helpful.

And *Information Services Today* is perfect for non-LIS professionals
who are curious about what our field is and what we do. When friends,
family, random strangers fallback on the old stereotypes and assume
being an LIS professional or a librarian is just about the books, or
ask, “What do librarians DO?”: buy or loan them a copy of this book. In
a nutshell, this book provides any reader with a glimpse of what
libraries, information organizations, and information professionals “do”
and provides an overall understanding of the complex, technological, and
global information environment we all live in.

### For Your Information

But no matter where you are in the LIS-sphere, the best resources, those
that will be updated as information changes, are the book’s supplemental
materials. That includes the usual discussion questions and informative
call-outs, but also sections titled “Check this Out”, hyperlinked
highlights of examples and outside sources for further study. And
launching in April 2015 are webinars featuring authors from the book
([*http://lj.libraryjournal.com/webcasts/hirshondemand*](http://lj.libraryjournal.com/webcasts/hirshondemand))
discussing the trends and issues in their respective areas. Hosted by
[*Library Journal*](http://lj.libraryjournal.com), each
50-minute nugget, moderated by Hirsh, offers an introduction of the
topic, presentations from panelists, and a brief Q&A session where
panelists discuss key trends, competencies, and strategies for success
within the field of library and information service. It’s all carefully
formulated to give readers the opportunity to go beyond the content on
the page and gain a deeper understanding of the topics.

So if you’re considering makerspaces for your own library, Chapter 19:
*Creation Culture and Makerspaces*, written by Kristin Fontichiaro,
*won’t* provide a DIY blueprint, but you will get an overview of the
history of these spaces, sometimes referred to as digital labs or
production studios. You will learn how they have developed in libraries
to support a community’s “intellectual and personal interests”; how you
can use them to support community inclusion; and, highly useful if you
are in charge of library programs or grant writing, understand key
questions to ask your library team before delving into a makerspace
plan. Then jump to the online supplements and go on a *Makerspace
Virtual Tour* to visit a working space, in action. Follow up with
Chapter 36, where Barbara M. Jones discusses intellectual freedom, and
offers cautionary advice about the spaces, which, “like many innovative
information programs … often lack intellectual freedom policies.” Now
you have an understanding of makerspaces, examples of how they are used
in libraries, and questions to consider when planning your own space.

The LIS-specific abbreviations spelled out in *Information Services
Today* are just one facet of our exhilarating “meta-discipline”[^2], one
that encompasses academics from arts to humanities, science and logic.
It is clear that LIS instructors, students and professionals need to
have a general understanding of many things, with resources available to
point in the direction of further study, when necessary. Like the
discipline itself, *Information Services Today* brings together many
different voices through its contributors, covering a multitude of
topics all combining to provide diverse perspectives and unique points
of view. Bottom line: this textbook is simply a good read. Contributing
author Paul Signorelli notes in Chapter 20: *Infinite Learning*, that
“learners in many parts of the world have come to expect that learning
will occur when and where they need it.” *Information Services Today* is
a book created expressly for lifelong learning, for immediate access and
thoughtful advice from experienced professionals who have followed this
path, and now share their expertise for the benefit of the next
generation. When your field is constantly changing, life-long learning
is a necessary path to education, and *Information Services Today* can
be a key investment to LIS enlightenment.

[^1]: ASRS: automated storage and retrieval system. ISIS: International
    Society for Information Studies. ILFA: International Federation of
    Library Associations and Institutions. CC BY: Creative Commons
    Attribution Only

[^2]: Bates, M.J. (2007). "Defining the information disciplines in
    encyclopedia development" *Information Research*, 12(4) paper
    colis29. Retrieved from:
    http://InformationR.net/ir/12-4/colis/colis29.html

